she man baby ambassador and with
entertainment awwe mm gmail right now
you at the private business session man
for my mixtape babe a day dropping
monday October 21st but I'm juice we as
what's up project Pat what's up Taylor
Gang this bitch drinks I'm gonna drop
this shit and you know I'm saying the
shitty child feel give me two thumbs up
if you don't feel that shit give me two
thumbs down the cash like a rubberband a
guy can't shut a rubber bad
call my hip it's money I'm coming I got
bandz mr. Drummond fucked all holes that
you look right designers dash nothing
private jet man that's none stop you
never did this shit show my nigga stop
I'm saying we didn't invite the public
because we wanted to arm you don't send
debut to mix tape and give it to our
close family um we got our people from
Lafayette pushing ENT and the building
they drove all the way up and kick it
with me you know we rock with him I
person who djs from Shreveport stay seen
them she always got the baddest chicks
around so you know saying he had to
reach out that's my sister she always
support me on any of my stuff I adopted
her like two years ago she called me was
like you know can I be a sponsor of the
hell to the fuck yeah you could be a
sponsor them e.e produced um II mix has
my project he's the one who meets that
Abe Abe Abe your nonsense over here that
ain't laid back hey baby let it there he
did to mix on that so let's give a round
of applause out hiking group on young
pros your money even down on me mean
this mixtape we got something everybody
big names local name some niggas you
don't know cuz I'm I'm kind of
affiliated with some ever got down by
our own discriminate done landlady with
me she ain't I believe I let us try to
bed hey why she left my ego their rigs
in a sec I'm balling like rolling
crashing wind with the top down I feel
like I'm bonus money don't be zeros
don't eat all this money that I'm stuck
in here I'm
I trained try and steal all their real
shit you rap niggas alone kill shit
cutting back throw in the glove don't
give a shit cuz i'm still 3 feet is
really the brain behind pushing baby to
get off his ass in to pursue this this
music shit kill me so let's get right up
ugh you know i'll tell you out a story
you're not trying to be long-winded but
three feet saw that i was i was
connected in the industry and he's like
be home alone movies on we're gonna push
repo our map don't know we gonna blow up
as we gotta blow you up and show these
motherfuckers like the world it's you to
shit down here and caching all your
favors and that's how we get i asked i
would like to make a toast and it's not
really to myself but to the day whoo the
only black brother you know living will
it up with his own day all right
No
my
ha
don't